`azurerm_dev_center_dev_box_definition` - add HibernateSupport (with `hibernate_support_enabled` property) (#29995)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/dev_center_dev_box_definition.html.markdown

* `sku_name` - (Required) The name of the SKU for the Dev Center Dev Box Definition.

> * `hibernate_support_enabled` - (Optional) Are the Dev Boxes created with this definition are capable of hibernation? Defaults to `false`. Not all images are capable of supporting hibernation. To find out more see https://aka.ms/devbox/hibernate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hibernate_support_enabled` - (Optional) Whether the Dev Boxes created with this definition are capable of hibernation. Defaults to `false`. 

-> **Note:** Not all images are capable of supporting hibernation, for more information see https://aka.ms/devbox/hibernate.
```

Author: Done
